Disclaimer note for users in both Grafana and Prometheus how-tos (#862)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/guides/operations/control-plane/metrics/prometheus/index.md

[Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) collects and stores metrics as time series data. This guide will show you how to collect Radius control plane metrics to then be visualized and queried.

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

> Users may experience issues when running in non-local clusters, please take a look at the official [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) docs for help on debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This how-to article has been validated only on a local Kubernetes cluster.  If you test in other configurations and have questions, please review [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) docs for help on debugging.
```

> This how-to article has been validated only on a local Kubernetes cluster.  If you test in other configurations and have questions, please review [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) docs for help on debugging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This how-to article has been validated only on local Kubernetes clusters (_Docker Desktop, k3s_). If you run on other clusters please visit the [Prometheus docs](https://prometheus.io/) for help on setting up Prometheus.
```
